Owners of CSK in 2019	:

				The three-time IPL champions Chennai Super Kings is owned by former BCCI President N. Srinivasan’s India Cements. 
				While CSK’s owners were India Cements initially, 
				they were later changed to a separate entity 
 				(owned by the same person) named 
				Chennai Super Kings Cricket Ltd.


Owners of Delhi Capitals in 2019	:

				Earlier known as Delhi Daredevils, the 12th season will be the first time when they will take the field under 
				a different name in Delhi Capitals. The franchise is owned by GM Rao-owned GMR Group. 
				It is worth mentioning that the franchise had sold its 50% stakes to 
				JSW Sports last year.


Owners of Kings XI Punjab in 2019	:

				Much like Delhi Capitals, Kings XI Punjab is another of those franchises which is yet to win an IPL title since 
				the last 11 years. Under the banner of ‘KPH Dream Cricket Private Limited’, the franchise is owned by 
				Bollywood actress Priety Zinta, Ness Wadia (Wadia Group), Mohit Burman (Dabur India Ltd.), 
				The Oberoi Group and Karan Paul (Apeejay Surrendra Group).


Owners of KKR in 2019	:

				The two-time IPL-winning franchise Kolkata Knight Riders is owned by Bollywood actor Shah Rukh Khan 
				(under the banner of Red Chillies Entertainment) and Bollywood actress Juhi Chawla and 
				her husband Jay Mehta (under the banner of Mehta Group).


Owners of Mumbai Indians in 2019	:

				Mumbai Indians, the first team to win three IPL titles and one of the topmost followed franchises 
				in the competition, is owned by Mukesh Ambani and his wife Neeta Ambani (Reliance Industries).


Owners of Rajasthan Royals in 2019	:

				Rajasthan Royals, the first team to win the IPL title way back in 2008, is majorly owned by 
				Manoj Badale. RR also has other investors which include Lachlan Murdoch, 
				Aditya S Chellaram and Suresh Chellaram.


Owners of Royal Challengers Bangalore in 2019	:

				Bought by Vijay Mallya in 2008, RCB is currently owned by Indian alcoholic beverage company 
				named United Spirits. Other than Delhi and Punjab, Royal Challengers are the only team to 
				have not won an IPL title despite playing in each edition.


Owners of Sunrisers Hyderabad in 2019	:

				Sunrisers Hyderabad, who won their maiden IPL title in 2016, are owned by media 
				baron Kalanithi Maran (Sun TV Network).
